All the right gears can be put in motion
The hands on a cuckoo clock reach twelve
The hands can be at the exact place they need to be
but if you don't get the response that you're expecting
you'll end up wonder if there's some sort of problem.
but the cuckoo bird does not pop out of its door to signal the time
It's the same on the web
without clear notifications and feedback
people are quickly disorientated and confused.
A man completes and submits a form on a website
to get a rather blank screen
with no confirmation of his submission
He looks confused
especially error messages which are often complex and confusing
Another man receives a technical error message
from a website registration form
It reads: "Error ead#234532 invalid data"
Yet making them understandable is usually quite simple
The error message changes to say:
"Invalid format, required format is 'day/month/year'
Making websites and apps predictable and understandable
makes them accessible for people with cognitive and learning disabilities.
A woman is trying to log into the Wi-Fi of a cafe
and receives a cryptic error message
and more usable for everyone.
other people at the cafe also seem to be having this problem
Especially people with lower computer skills
The error message changes to something more understandable.
The woman at the cafe looks relieved.
The cuckoo bird pops out of the clock.
Web accessibility
Essential for some, useful for all.